hey guys what is going on in his vs.
here with a another destiny video
before I begin I'll go ahead and say
thank you all for 1000 subscribers not a
big number to all but to me is pretty
big so I do appreciate it thank you guys
for the support and Happy New Year it is
now a 2015 that's pretty age it is
pretty huge alright so thank you guys
again for the support and I hope it
continues and to celebrate I have been
saving up in Rams
I know if you guys been questions you
can see these engrams my fault and
you've been wondering why why the hell
do you have all these engrams in your
vault and like well I'm saving it for a
video and people won't you do is live
I'm doing the video so we're going to be
doing that right now
it took me so long but you see me I have
me confidently quick before we begin we
have 1 2 3 4 s primary for second area
of 3 7 that is 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
damn so 15 15 legendary engrams
well of course counting the know yes
we're good we're good
I know the math mom taught me well and
we have an exotic in Graham as well so
we got the 15 legendaries and the one
exotic which i got from the sir not this
past week but the week before you know
for some reasons Erik thought it was ok
during the DDoS for Christmas to not
have any legendary engrams but that's
cool I got you sir appreciate it so
let's go to open these bad boys up see
what we get hopefully something good
I'll cry every time alright so let's go
ahead and start with what we got first
the gauntlets hope you got what we got
energy so good all put in my veins
that's exactly what I wanted oh well
what I have not done without the chests
out in charge because you know you can't
get those you can't get us into charge
anywhere else I just remember that next
what we got Mallya type 1 let's check
that out now before we continue
um it's worth tagging it is the DLC one
you can see by the expansion 1 logo on
the top right I will check that out
later for my Titan I do have a little
like a level 27 tagging so that's
probably good
check out the legendary how much we got
what do we get oh nice oh monia type 2
again for a Titan I'm not gonna check
that out because we already know what it
is we got again
monolith bleed for not gonna use it
don't need it as some more said oh my
god ass in it is dude it's like santa
came late santa came late and he
delivered what the ascendant energy
that's exactly what i wanted more more
mm-hmm Oh jackknife 1.3 never seen those
let me check them out real quick another
expansion gear piece of gear for the
hunter so that's pretty cool
having made a hunter yet by plant 2 so
that should be useful and we're moving
on to the weapons this is where I'm
hoping we get some good stuff so let
start with the primaries check it out
one two eight mmm-hmm that wasn't the
primary Hannah I do apologize and that
was a heavy that I probably won't keep
we shall see let me check it out really
quick
oh and I already have one nope yeah mmm
kind of yeah don't need it
appreciate it alright now we're at the
primaries we can stop slipping right the
primaries let's check it out
1 2 3 zzg is using 1 2 3 Ziggy is it
they say correctly 1 2 3 is easy key
sissy key all in a row not really too
excited for it not a bit kind of pulse
rifles will probably dismantle
check an Afghan beam line trauma which
probably went to the vault is we
probably ought to check oh no it's
actually here I'm tripping balls
so beeline trauma this looks nice this
looks nice I'll probably try it out you
never know we got next
another NIT see now that looks pretty
cool let me check this out hammer at
home it's a vanguard all right -
Vanguard scout rifle I'm not sure if it
holds any yeah hmm I don't know I'm not
gonna use it doesn't hold any
improvements for me and more ascendant
energy because that's exactly what I
wanted for Christmas papa Thank You
cryptarch I love you mwah
let's check out these special weapons
now no the you are 5,000 won already
have one I believe when you see yep mmm
so good so good
try it again crimp dark I want to punch
you straight in the face Just My Luck
and another LDR 5001 um all right so
we're at the exotic once it hopefully
this is close and I ready oh my god I
already have it I already have it I
already have it I'm crying I'm done I'm
done I I'm doing him I'm done this he's
a phony
yo killer killer Clint dude 9-1-1 he's a
phony
this bros a phony him right here him
right here mm-hmm he sucks good stuff
you suck you suck this is me in real
life right now this is me I'm not happy
with anything I got a bonus what do we
got what we got more Chin's oh we got
more chance we have one more shot guys
this was surprised was it planned out
pretty fucking cool what he got let's
try out these first to get rid of them
and here we go hopefully the fucking
next time alright guys I'm out like
always have a good morning have a good
night have a good evening have a good
afternoon and have a good day versus is
out I love yous boy